(mellow music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ From time to time. we
tend to get a little lost ♪
♪ Thinking that our happiness
is far away from us. ♪
♪ Staring out the window
as the days go by ♪
♪ When maybe we could find
it if we took a look inside ♪
♪ As we all wander
through a million things ♪
♪ Striving to rise up
with our broken wings ♪
♪ If we took a moment we would realize ♪
♪ That we're not alone ♪
♪ There are hands to hold ♪
♪ And dreams come alive ♪
(muttering)
- Thank you.
(upbeat music)
♪ Getting up to hit the road ♪
♪ Gotta pack my bags ♪
♪ Got a heavy load ♪
♪ Slip on my blue suede shoes ♪
♪ I'm ready to be singing the blues ♪
♪ Going round from town to town ♪
♪ So I can make that screaming sound ♪
♪ Once I pull my guitar out ♪
♪ It's gonna make y'all ladies shout ♪
♪ As I roam across the lands ♪
♪ Just to play upon the stands ♪
♪ And I give my heart and soul ♪
♪ As I sing my rock and roll ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- [Audience Member] Yeah!
(clapping)
Yeah!
- Thank you.
- Stephan Greenfield.
- Arthur Gray.
- Gray. that's your middle name?
Aren't you Arthur Holzenberg?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I am.
- Let's have a drink.
- I'd love to. but we just
have to pack up our stuff.
- Well. let's keep it short then.
I used to work with your father. Here.
How about we meet tomorrow?
- Okay. Does 10 a.m. work?
- Sounds good. Art.
♪ I'll give my heart and soul ♪
- [Lavanya] Good luck. dude.
♪ As I sing my rock and roll ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
(crickets chirping)
(TV talking)
- Arthur.
I've been waiting on ya.
- Jesus. man. you gotta
stop encouraging this.
- Encouraging?
Ain’t no controlling. Harry.
- Yeah.
- Need some help picking him up?
- No. man. I got it.
- [Adam] You sure?
- Yeah. it ain’t my first rodeo.
- All right. junior.
Good night.
- Good night. buddy.
(clanking)
(clunks)
- All right.
- Hey. dad.
- All right. here we go.
Come on. I'm gonna get you up. all right?
Get your head.
Three. come on.
All right.
Let's get this down.
Ready?
Count of three.
One. two. (groans)
I gotcha. I gotcha.
(exhales)
(mellow music)
(sighs)
(coughing)
(knocks)
- Hey. dad.
Are you all right in there?
- Yeah. yeah.
- All right.
(water running)
- [Oliver] Okay. so then what happened?
- And then he opened an old cask of wine
that turned many heads from a
familiar merchant. of course.
You'll hear it soon.
- So my question is. is
this wonderful human being
that you are so excited about meeting.
is he gonna give us eargasms?
(laughs)
- Even better.
His last name will make us money.
He's the son of Harold Holzenberg.
- Wow.
- Why do you think I'm
here on a Saturday morning?
(footsteps walking)
Arthur!
There you are.
Hey. thanks for showing up.
- Of course.
- This is Oliver. our. is our engineer.
This is Arthur. our newest talent in town.
(laughs)
- All right. Art.
- It's Arthur.
- Arthur. it's good to meet you. man.
- Good to meet you too.
- I'm looking forward to
seeing what you can do.
- Oh. man. my pleasure.
- Really?
The stage is all yours.
- Yeah.
- Oh. right now?
- Yeah. get in there.
- Oh. I didn't even bring my guitar.
Do you guys have a lefty hanging around?
- When you're ready?
- Okay. thanks.
(mellow music)
(clears throat)
- Sorry. the one from last night. please.
Thank you.
- Oh.
Sure. yeah.
(sighs)
(upbeat music)
♪ Getting up to hit the road ♪
♪ Gotta pack my bags. got a heavy load. ♪
♪ Slip on my blue suede shoes. ♪
♪ I'm ready to be singing the blues. ♪
♪ Going round from town to town ♪
♪ So I can make that screaming sound ♪
♪ Once I pull my guitar out ♪
♪ It's gonna make y'all ladies shout ♪
- Thoughts?
♪ As I roll across the lands ♪
- He's got chops.
- Not a victim of autotune.
♪ Just to play up on the stage ♪
Talent runs in the blood.
♪ Clearly ♪
♪ And I give my heart and soul ♪
♪ Just to-♪
- Great! How about a
song from Nightingale?
- From what?
(muttering)
- Sir?
Did you understand what I told you?
- Yeah. my liver. it's cirrhotic.
- Yeah. medications won't work anymore.
You need surgery.
We need to get you on a donor list.
- Yeah. Thanks. doc.
- Mr. Holzenberg.
it's high time you stopped drinking.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Harold originally
had quite a number of songs
in that collection.
Wanted to call it Nightingale.
- It's so weird that I had
no idea it even existed.
He never mentioned it.
- Oh. I can't blame you.
We just never got to produce it.
Your dad and I.
well. we had our disagreements.
While he felt that they were
meant for just one person.
I believe the whole world
deserved to hear them.
So in the end. nobody got a chance to hear
the voice of Nightingale.
- So do you wanna hear
some of my originals?
- I want you to sing Nightingale. Artur.
I'll be able to get a deal
with the best label in the
business and produce it.
I still remember those songs.
They were all. you know.
Holzenberg material.
Maybe the best of the best.
- Holzenberg material.
- Nightingale by Arthur Holzenberg.
heir of Harold Holzenberg.
I can get every plugger. publisher.
and distributor in the
business at our doorstep.
Lunch?
- Yeah. I'm down.
You're gonna leave it here.
- Yeah. I'm running low on juice.
- But what'd your guy say?
- He wants me to listen to his originals.
- Good. then why don't you hear him out?
- Every Tom. Dick and
Harry has a song to sing.
Question is. what sells?
Come on.
(door squeaking)
(mellow music)
(birds chirping)
- Well. it doesn't look
like you got a check.
- Arthur Holzenberg. the son
of legendary Harold Holzenberg?
- Come on.
- What if that's all I'll ever be?
- One of the biggest in the business.
pitches a label to you. right?
A freaking record label.
And you're just gonna turn it away.
What are you? Insane?
- Yeah. he wants Holzenberg.
but just not Arthur.
- Suppose we get the deal. right?
We get our foot in the door.
and you just do one song. one hit song.
And then we earn the
stage to do what we want.
what we really want.
(TV playing)
(dishes clanking)
(trashcan clanking)
- All right.
All right.
Man. what is this crap you're watching?
Bon appetit. dinner is served.
- What is this?
- Oh. that's your favorite.
It's chicken sandwich.
So Dad.
The other night. someone
actually came to see our show.
and they wanna pitch me to a label.
The catch is that they
want me to play your songs.
Did you hear me?
Dad. I'm speaking to you.
- I heard you fine.
- They want me to sing your songs. Dad.
I need your help.
(clears throat)
You can just stop. stop
drinking just for a second.
Please.
- Yeah. I'm proud of you
cause you haven't learned a
damn thing from your old man.
- This is a huge opportunity for me. Dad.
Hey.
Hey. I was talking to you.
What is wrong with you. Dad?
Why can't you just hear me out?
What the hell is this?
- Look at me. Art.
Look what I am. (chuckles)
Haven't you picked up anything on my life?
- Yeah. I picked up. I picked up enough.
It's always about what
you want. isn't it. Dad?
Here.
Thank you for being such a great father.
(mellow music)
(beeps)
(crying)
(mellow music)
(dishes clanking)
(knocking)
(upbeat music)
Hello
- [Lavanya] Hey.
- [Arthur] What's up?
- You know the usual.
- Oh. yeah.
- There you go.
- Here you go. Yeah. the usual.
You're cut from Friday night.
- Sweet. Thank you.
(groans)
Need that.
- So what's up?
- [Lavanya] Working. dude.
- That sounds serious.
You care to share?
- Finding members for our band.
- What's wrong with the sequencer?
- [Lavanya] Sequencers
ain’t gonna cut it. chief.
- Come again.
- Trust me. we don't wanna
perform all by ourselves
when Mr. Greenfield
takes us to a record rep.
- Okay.
How do you plan to pay them?
- Well. you start with
credit cards. of course.
- [Arthur] Credit cards? (laughs)
- Okay. no more machines.
Musicians only.
- La. I don't think I'm
on board with this plan.
- Come on. dude.
We have to step up our game plan for this.
Did you get the album from Harold?
- Yeah. I'm working on it.
- You know it's the key. right?
- Yeah.
- When did he wanna hear him?
- [Arthur] Three weeks.
- Then we better get started.
- What happened?
You tell me what happened.
So you get this opportunity.
- Hey. man. I wouldn't really
call it an opportunity.
They want me to record his songs.
- I see.
I just I'll never understand
why he's such a goddamn asshole.
- What do you know about your father?
Tell me.
- He's a drunk who's
embarrassed of his own son.
- Is that what you think?
Back in the day. when
your father would sing
it would be like-
- [Audience] Holzenberg!
Holzenberg!
- That was a long time ago.
He ain’t that guy anymore.
Your father hasn't touched his guitar
since your mama left him.
His concerts were canceled.
Couldn't write.
And he started drinking.
And he never stopped.
Your father is a jackass
because he thinks there's
nothing left inside.
But there is an inkling
of anything. Arthur.
you need to find out what it is.
(mellow music)
(buzzing)
- Hey.
Arthur?
- All right. here's the
game plan. all right?
We're gonna get that band that you wanted.
but we're not gonna give
Stephan what he wants.
(upbeat music)
Awesome. That was. that was great.
- Really good.
- So. what's your rate?
- I'll do 500 for rehearsals.
1.000 for local performances.
and then studio work and touring stuff.
we could cut you a discount on that stuff.
If we're on the road
I'm gonna need my roadie
and my trainer of course.
(drumming)
- Okay. I gotta get outta here.
(laughing)
- Don't leave me by myself.
(Chinese flute playing)
- Usually I do 1.000 per gig.
It was a lot of 'em in a row that I can.
you know. if I could package stuff.
sometimes I can like trim
a little bit off the top.
You know what I'm saying?
- Now this is my partner
and my best friend.
and his name is Mr. Melody.
Say hi.
(drumming)
♪ Soda pop and ginger ale ♪
♪ You cannot have any
cause you have a tail. ♪
♪ Ginger ale and soda pop ♪
♪ You cannot have any
because you're a pup. ♪
- It's actually really good
- I'm sorry.
(drumming)
That was amazing.
I don't think it's exactly
what we're going for.
but-
- Yeah.
- But for our international section.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. maybe.
- Round two.
- [Both] Chris.
- Chris. cool.
Hey. Chris. thanks for coming in.
- Hey. guys.
- [Lavanya] Hi.
- Good to see you.
- [Arthur] Good to see you too. man.
- Mostly you.
- Oh.
- Thank you.
(laughs)
- Okay.
- It's getting a little hot in here.
- Okay. yeah.
Why does it say
that you're a professional
stalker on your resume?
- Because my words creep up
into your mind without you knowing.
- Okay. you might wanna rephrase that.
- Just one second.
- [Arthur] Take your time.
- Darling. this is the
part where you sing. okay?
(barking)
(upbeat music)
- So you want me to perform with you
for low to no money for three weeks.
- Yes. maybe more.
- Is she your girl?
(laughs)
- No. no. man.
We just play together.
She's keyboards.
- How many more on the team?
- Three if I count you in.
All right.
- I'm thirsty.
- All right.
Let me get you a drink. man.
That went well.
- Yeah. yeah.
- He thinks you're cute.
- Well. can you blame him?
- Humble.
(laughs)
- I know.
Very. that's how you have to be.
Okay. so we've got one.
What about bass?
- I might know a guy.
(upbeat music)
(knocking)
- Arthur?
- Hey. Adam.
- What you doing here?
Oh hell. come in. come in.
- I'll come in depending on your answer.
- Well. I haven't heard a question.
(upbeat music)
(claps)
- Good afternoon. Mr. Greenfield.
- Here to meet Mr. Tucker.
- Just please wait inside and
he'll be with you shortly.
- Great. Thank you.
(ringing)
- Sure.
Yeah. Saturday at one is good.
Okay. great.
Bye.
Steve. what's up?
Okay. thank you.
- I got what you asked for.
I'll give you 30 days
to find something fresh.
and you come back in 10.
That's very impressive.
Who's our talent?
- The son of an old friend
of mine. the heir of legend.
- One. two.
♪ As we all wander
through a million things ♪
♪ Striving to rise up
with our broken wings ♪
♪ If we took a moment ♪
- Sorry.
Sorry.
- It's okay.
- So we-
- All right.
One more time. same place. chorus.
One. two.
♪ As we all wander
through a million things ♪
(groans)
Come on. man.
Come on.
It's all good. It's all good.
From the chorus. Here we go.
♪ As we all wander
through a million things ♪
♪ Striving to rise up ♪
All right. no.
Let's just take 10.
Take 10.
(tapping)
- Smoke break!
(sighs)
(symbol bangs)
- You know what. don't act
so defeated. all right?
- Oh. you can see why I
wanted that sequencer now.
can't you?
- Don't start with the sequencer.
- Start what?
We have two days. and what
are we even doing here?
- We're at a good pace.
- Good's not good enough.
- Arthur. we're not machines.
- Exactly. Exactly.
Because machines don't mess
up three times in a row.
Three times.
- Cut them some Slack.
Sometimes you need a
friend to lend you a hand
when you feel low. not an iPod. all right?
Sometimes it's nice to
give a pat on the back
and the little. you did well.
It helps. Trust me.
Little kindness. little warmth.
- Should we do it again?
- Yeah.
- All right. Let's do it.
All right. (claps)
Let's go again.
We got this.
Ready?
- Yeah. it was only half
a smoke. but whatever.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
- Hey. Dad?
Hey. my band's playing
tomorrow for the first time.
and I thought you might
wanna check it out.
All right. cool. yeah.
Great talk.
(door slams)
(mellow music)
(drink pouring)
(dishes clanking)
(water pouring)
(suspenseful music)
(water running)
- Arthur. let me talk to you.
- Yeah.
What's up. man?
- Does your father know about this?
- Yeah. he doesn't care.
- You sure about that?
Cause him and Stephan
didn't exactly get along.
- Yeah. trust me. I told him.
and he really doesn't give a shit.
- All right.
- Good luck. fellas.
- Thanks. Oliver.
- Did you talk to Stephan?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I told him what we talked about.
- He's cool with it?
- Yeah.
Yeah. it should be fine.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- I hope it works.
- It is. It's gonna be great. okay?
Trust me.
(grunts)
- They are all set.
- What?
- I said. they're all set.
- Oh. okay.
Here flies Nightingale.
(laughs)
- All right.
Ready when you are. guys.
- Ready?
- [Will] Let's do it.
- Here we go.
(tapping)
(mellow music)
♪ From time to time we
tend to get a little lost ♪
- Stop it.
What the hell is this. Arthur?
- I just-
- I'm not here to listen to this.
I thought I was very clear
with what we're here for.
- You were. and I just thought-
- My job is two words. What. Sells.
Do you have any idea what
I have in store for you?
This is a waste of my freaking time.
Adam. was this your-
- No. no. no. no. no.
I just thought if you
heard our song. you would.
Man. just give us a chance.
- Did I not?
You don't belong here.
- What the hell is going on. Arthur?
- So. before you guys joined the band.
Stephan Greenfield came
to one of our gigs.
and he approached me and gave me a card.
Wanted to take a meeting.
So. I jumped at the opportunity.
I thought this was my big break.
But it turns out he wanted me to record
one of my dad's albums.
an album I never even heard of it before.
an album called Nightingale.
But man. after we talked that night.
I knew I couldn't do that.
I knew that I had a play
some of my original stuff
and just not tell 'em.
I'm sorry. I didn't tell you guys really.
I guess I blew that.
(ringtone)
- Let me talk to him.
Give me a second. all right?
So you never heard of the
Nightingale collection?
- No. I did.
- What. it was that bad?
- No. man. it was incredible.
It's just.
it's not mine.
- So that's the problem.
You ever sailed. Arthur?
You know. when I was young
I waited on a boat.
big and beautiful. the perfect one.
I mean. many boats came by.
but nothing was ever what I expected.
But then one day she come in.
the Titanic of 'em all.
I mean. she exceeded all my expectations.
but I told myself. maybe
there's something better.
So I chose to wait.
Now many people said. Adam.
ain’t nothing better ever is gonna come.
but I stood my ground. and I waited.
and I waited.
and I waited
until I looked up one day
and I saw that I had gray in my beard
and the wrinkles on my face.
You was Harold's son
before you was Arthur.
The compromise might be worth it.
I'll see ya later. Junior.
- See you later. Adam.
(ringtone)
(TV playing)
Hey. Dad!
(door squeaks)
(door slams)
Hey. Dad.
Dad!
Shh. Dad!
Okay. come on. Dad. Come on.
All right.
(phone dialing)
(ringing)
- [Phone] 911. what's the
nature of your emergency?
(sirens ringing)
- Did he not mention any of this?
- No.
- Well. I can't promise the
outcome of a transplant surgery
considering his age.
- Is he?
- He's still unconscious.
We have to treat the encephalopathy coma
before we can even consider the surgery.
Make up your mind.
You have to get them on a donor list ASAP.
- Well. how long will it
be til he finds a donor?
- Months. weeks if we're lucky.
It's hard to say for sure.
- Yeah. let's move forward.
- [Doctor] All right.
sign the consent forms.
and bring me his medical records
and someone will talk to
you about the insurance.
(beeping)
(dialing)
(ringing)
- [Stephan] This is Stephan
with Reindeer Music.
- It's Arthur.
- [Stephan] You have three seconds.
- I have the album
(laughing)
- Someone's early.
- As always.
- Oh really?
(laughing)
When in your land always
basically means never. right?
- So what's the plan.
- Oh. the plan. my punctual
friend is to practice.
- I gave it a listen.
- [Lavanya] And?
- [Will] It's dope.
- He likes it.
(laughing)
- [Lavanya] We've got his approval.
- [Arthur] All right. count us in.
(ticking)
- [Lavanya] Is he asleep?
- No. I'm dead.
(laughing)
(piano playing)
- Ooh. I love that.
- [Stephan] Hey!
How we doing?
- Mr. Greenfield.
- [Stephan] Working hard. I see. huh?
- Yeah. yeah.
- How's it coming along?
- Nearly perfect.
- Better be.
(laughing)
Good news.
The label loved the tracks we sent.
- I see Christmas coming early this year.
- Well. it gets even better.
An executive wants to hear
the band perform live.
- Wow.
(muttering)
- Thursday.
- Oh. wow.
- That's like in three days.
- Artists may want freedom.
but what they need are deadlines.
- It's just not enough time.
- Thought you said it was perfect.
- I said it's getting there.
- Nervous. Arthur?
- No. not at all.
- What can I say?
If he's convinced he might
sign a deal then and there.
- Well. I guess we better
get back to work then. right?
Thanks for stopping by. Mr. Greenfield.
(baby crying)
(beeping)
- I wish you were there
to see my band play. Dad.
I really wish you were.
♪ From time to time we
tend to get a little lost ♪
♪ Thinking that our happiness
is far away from us ♪
♪ Staring out the window
as the days go by ♪
♪ When maybe we could find
it if we took a look inside ♪
♪ As we all wander
through a million things ♪
♪ Striving to rise up
with our broken wings ♪
♪ If we took a moment we would realize ♪
♪ That we're not alone ♪
♪ There are hands to hold ♪
♪ And dreams come alive ♪
- Yo. I'm hearing static. bruh.
- Yeah.
Yeah. man. I'm hearing it too.
Is it a loose line in?
What about the input?
- Check.
- [Arthur] Signal?
- Loud and clear.
- Okay. how about the phantom power?
- [Oliver] Yep.
I'm still hearing a hum.
- Yeah. Yeah. me too. man.
Shit. okay.
We better get this squared
away before four. right?
- Oh. well thank you Captain Obvious.
You never fail to save the day. do you?
- All right. man. let's
just get this squared up.
All right. coming in.
(beeping)
- Yeah. we should be set.
That should do it.
Call me crazy.
Reset input to two and bam.
That should do it.
- Yup. Yup. I don't hear anything now.
- Cool.
Always know what I'm doing sometimes.
(groans)
(laughing)
- Oh. man. I hope this goes well today.
- Yeah. me too. Me too.
Let me ask you something.
What drives you?
What inspires you. keeps you going?
- I don't know. man. (laughs)
I guess it's just.
I don't know. it's hard to put into words.
I wake up every morning
and it's what I wanna do.
When I get up it's all I think about.
It consumes me.
(mellow music)
It's like. it's like an obsession.
- That's nice.
That's actually really inspiring.
You pursue what you want.
- Don't we all?
- No.
Not all of us.
So do not mess this up.
- I'll do my best. man.
- All right. brother.
(ringtone)
- Excuse me a sec.
Hello?
(dramatic music)
Hey Adam. will you help me with this. bro?
- Yeah.
♪ I feel the rain ♪
♪ I hear the thunder ♪
- Where you want it?
- Just right up here.
- Where's Arthur?
- I thought he was with you.
- No.
- Hypovolemic shock.
- Yeah. but if he needs blood.
why aren't you giving it to him?
- He's AB negative.
We need to donor.
- You said he was here
earlier today. right. Oliver?
- [Oliver] Yes I did. Lavanya.
I have no idea where he's at.
- It's Lavanya. but whatever.
- [Oliver] Oh. whatever.
- Yeah. don't give me that. okay?
My god.
Nope. can't reach him.
- Stop freaking out.
- [Lavanya] Okay. that helps.
- Should I go to his house.
- [Lavanya] No. no. they're
almost gonna be here.
There's no point.
- Hey. guys.
This is Mr. Robert Tucker
from Sungoria Records.
- [Lavanya] Hi!
- How do you do?
- [Lavanya] Good. good.
It's lovely to meet you.
- Yeah. nice to be here.
- [Lavanya] Thank you so much
for giving us this opportunity.
- Yeah. my pleasure.
Well. good luck. gentlemen and lady.
- [Lavanya] Thank you.
Everything going well?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Oliver. why don't you take
Mr. Tucker up to the suite.
Walk them up there while I set
things up here on the stage.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah. great.
- You guys good? You
have everything you need?
- [Lavanya] Yeah. Thank you so much.
- Okay.
- [Lavanya] Just a few
minutes to prep. That's it.
- Take your time.
- [Lavanya] Thanks.
- Great. great. Thanks.
Okay.
Where the hell is he?
- Come on. come on. come on. come on.
- [Audio] I'm sorry. the
person you are trying to reach.
- Where's your star. Steve?
- Yeah. he should be
walking in any second.
Any second. yeah.
- I'm leaving in five.
- Okay. just give it a five more.
Oliver. you wanna set up
the board in a way. please?
- Yes. sir.
- Thanks. thanks.
So maybe I'll just make a quick call.
make sure that there's no problems.
You know LA traffic.
- Please. no excuses. Steve.
- [Stephan] Can I get you
something while we're waiting?
(suspenseful music)
I'm going to make a quick call.
- Sorry. sorry.
- Where were you?
- Sorry.
Sorry!
- He's here.
- He's late.
- Yes. he's late.
I'll give him a good talking to.
Don't worry about that.
- Okay.
- [Lavanya] Arthur.
You okay?
- [Will] Let's go.
- Yeah.
- Oliver. that's your name. right?
- [Oliver] Yes.
- Okay. Oliver. would you
please just see if they're ready
or what they're doing?
- Hey guys. y'all already in there?
(mellow music)
♪ I feel the rain ♪
♪ I hear the thunder ♪
♪ Standing here without you now ♪
♪ I thought that we'd last forever ♪
♪ As we promised each other ♪
♪ Was this a dream ♪
♪ Were we pretending ♪
♪ This you and I. was it all a lie ♪
♪ What do I do ♪
♪ My heart is broken ♪
♪ Now I've been shattered to pieces ♪
♪ Here I tread all alone ♪
♪ This broken road I walk on my own ♪
♪ What have you done to me ♪
♪ Tell me this ain’t just some fantasy ♪
♪ Oh. I dread this silent symphony ♪
(mellow music)
♪ Here I tread all alone ♪
♪ This broken road I walk on my own ♪
♪ What have you done to me ♪
♪ Tell me this ain’t just some fantasy ♪
♪ Oh. I dread this silent symphony ♪
(whispering)
- Are you serious?
- You can make it happen.
- He's a Holzenberg.
He's not the Holzenberg.
Right?
- Yes.
I can make it happen.
- Okay.
- I will make it happen.
- Yes you will.
- Oh no. no. no. no.
This can't be happening.
It's a safety blanket.
They were not published anyway.
Besides actors do this all the time.
- Yeah. well. I'm not an actor.
- Let me get this straight.
You want us to pretend
that we did the song.
- And take credit for it.
- [Adam] Steal Harold's stuff.
- Harold is sick. unconscious.
Whom do you think has the
rights to his work after him?
(groans)
- Okay. yeah. Now I see
where your head's at.
So you want me to mime
some remastered version
of my father's song?
Do you have any idea
how insulting that is?
- Forget it. Let's just go.
- Good call.
Let's go back to the bar.
wait for another Robert Tucker to show up.
Happens every day.
Why don't we ask Adam about it. huh?
- If you choose not to speak up.
we'll have to assume that
you support this nonsense.
- The decision has to be unanimous.
- It's a line I can't cross.
- Do you understand the
bigger picture here?
- Don't even answer him. man.
I'm tired of listening to this clown.
- Yeah. you walk out that door. then what?
- That's not your concern.
- Can I have a second with you?
- No. Stephan. have a
second with all of us.
All right? I'm not here by myself.
- Um...
What do you think Harold
would want for his son?
- This is not about Harold.
It's about Arthur.
It's about Lavanya.
It's about Will.
It's about me.
Hell. it's even about you.
We're the ones that's
gonna have to live with it.
Do you understand that?
(slow clapping)
- You just threw your future to the curb.
(cars rumbling)
- Hello. sir.
I'm Katherine with Milo
and Milo Insurance.
I believe you are Mr. Holzenberg's son.
- Yeah.
- Is it a good time to talk?
- Yeah. yeah.
- I'm here to talk about the
coverage for Mr. Holzenberg.
- Is there a problem?
- Absolutely not.
Just need to confirm certain details. sir.
You said your father was in rehab twice
for his addiction. correct?
The doctor mentioned that he
had advised surgery earlier.
Did you have any knowledge about it?
(door slams)
- Hi.
Here to see Mr. Tucker.
- Sure. Give me a second. Mr. Greenfield.
Yeah.
Mr. Greenfield.
Okay.
Thanks.
I'm sorry. but unfortunately
he's unavailable at the moment.
Would you like to leave a message?
- I had an appointment.
- As I said. he's unavailable. sir.
(car rumbling)
(beeping)
- What are you doing here?
- Just checking on an old pal.
What'd the doc say?
- He needs to have a
liver transplant surgery.
- Well. sounds expensive.
How do you plan to pay for it?
That's not your area of
concern. Mr. Greenfield.
- You're absolutely right.
Harold's health is not my concern.
Shouldn't be.
Last I checked. insurance doesn't pay
for someone who is suicidal.
or a chronic alcoholic who
dragged himself to this bed.
- I'll take out a loan.
Charity.
I'll do whatever I have to do.
I'll sell the house if I have to.
- Sure. You could do that.
Or you can be the reason your
old man gets up and walks.
$90.000.
One single.
- All right.
in exchange for the entirety
of his medical bills.
All right. not a penny
more. not a penny less.
There'll be no team.
I'll take full responsibility
for everything.
I'll make sure no one talks.
- Deal.
- I think I just made
a deal with the devil.
- Yeah. but who'd even believe you?
- I agree.
This might ruin your career.
- Yeah. well. I gotta
take the chance. man.
- It's a stretch.
- Yeah. well. what are
my options here. bro?
- What about we publish our own stuff?
- Yeah. like I haven't tried that already.
- We've tried that.
- It's not an option. bro.
- Say you do it. then?
- I don't know. man. we do the job.
All right. we get the money.
and then sooner or later we
can do what we actually do.
Right?
- Whatever it takes?
- Gotta do it for my dad.
- Whatever it takes.
(groans)
- Me too.
Me too. Let's do it together.
- No. no. you guys are alright.
It's asking too much.
- You're not asking.
Something that I can do for
Mr. Holzenberg. as a fan.
- You know I'm in. Come on.
- Who ate my slice?
(laughs)
- You'll do it for a friend. right. Adam?
- [Announcer] The heir of a
once famous country singer
has stepped forward to
revive the legends name.
Arthur Holzenberg.
the son of the one and
only Harold Holzenberg.
shines and his new single Nightingale.
If you guys haven't heard the song yet.
it's very heartwarming.
I think it'll be at the top of the charts
for quite some time.
(jazz music)
- [Arthur] You all
right there. Adam buddy?
- [Adam] I feel great.
I feel great. I feel great!
(laughing)
- [Arthur] Slow down. man.
- I cannot believe that we
sold 18.000 copies in a week.
- Yeah!
Here here!
- Proud of you. my brother.
- Yeah!
- It was worth it.
Christmas really did come early this year.
(laughing)
Thank you.
(jazz music)
- It's one o'clock already?
- One more!
- [Adam] Na. na. na. no more.
- Just one. One more.
Come on. it's celebration time.
- [Adam] No more.
We keep this up. we'll be
driving these guys home.
- Next time. we'll sell more.
- Next time we'll sell something better.
- We'll sell it all.
(laughing)
We'll sell all of it.
Arthur. you and me will
be millionaires together.
- All right. calm down there. captain.
It's my turn now.
- Here here!
- Here here.
Dare tell me.
Dare tell the captain to calm down?
Huh?
- All right. that's enough.
Arthur. he's drunk.
- [Stephan] Aw. come on.
(Stephan laughs)
- Come on.
Let's call this.
(beeping)
(ringtone)
- Hey. look who's up.
You're out for a while there.
I was worried about you.
- Yeah. sorry Art.
- Come on.
- No. I'm sorry for all the
trouble I'm putting you through.
- I'm sure I beat you
at it when I was six.
(laughing)
- You were a handful.
- So dad. the doctor's advise surgery.
You're already on the donor's list.
We're just waiting on the liver.
- Well. I got myself here.
I don't want you to waste
your time and money on me.
- [Arthur] Come on. Dad.
You know I'm gonna do
whatever is necessary.
- How are we gonna pay for all this?
- There are ways.
Financing. installment plans.
- No. I'm not gonna leave
you with a shit pile of debt.
Juts to live a little bit longer.
- So Dad. your old manager
Stephan Greenfield.
he gave me a record deal.
- Stay away from Stephan Greenfield.
- Calm down. Calm down.
- Just a single. that's it.
- Don't waste your life on music.
Just walk away. Do something else.
- Do something else?
- Yeah.
- I don't know how to
do anything else. Dad.
- I've been down this road before.
It always ends up in the same
place. a big pile of shit.
Do something else. Art.
(beeping)
- You know. not everybody rides
to reach the end of the road. Dad.
Some people just enjoy the journey.
If I don't follow my heart right now
what would I have to loop back on
and cherish when I'm 100 years old?
- If your music is gonna pay for this
them I am not gonna have the surgery.
- Dad.
- It's my choice. Art.
I hope you can respect that.
- But.
You know what? Congratulations. Dad.
You win again.
(rumpling)
(breathing heavy)
(doorbell rings)
- Mr. Greenfield?
- Hey.
Look what I got ya.
- Thanks for the whiskey.
Never know when you're gonna
need booze in this house.
So what brings you by?
- Well. I came to ask you
when we're doing the next one.
- I'm ready whenever you are.
My songs are ready to go.
- Here's the thing with that. Arthur.
The company thinks we
should do what we did.
- Again.
- [Stephan] Again.
- No.
No. I'm sorry. Mr. Greenfield.
but I'm done with that.
I'm done.
- The company's willing
to negotiate a new deal.
willing to increase benefits.
Just think of Harold.
- You see. don't do that.
Stop playing the father
card cause he woke up.
He's refusing the surgery.
- Seriously?
And you're fine with it.
- It's not my call to make Mr. Greenfield.
- He's sick for Christ's sake.
- I'm sorry. but the next time
that you and I work together
it's gonna be on my songs.
It's gonna be with my voice.
But thanks for the whiskey.
(laughs)
- You think you can walk away from it?
(upbeat music)
- You all right?
- Yeah.
- Sure?
- Yes. I'm great.
- Hey. can I get you guys something?
- Yeah.
- [Caroline] Arthur.
- Caroline.
(laughing)
- Hey. hey. how are you guys?
- Lavanya.
- Yes. right.
- Yes. thanks.
- Congrats on the song. man.
- Thank you.
- You sound so damn
different than you used to.
- Yeah. that's funny
how that happens. right?
- Look who we have here today. people.
Arthur Holzenberg. huh?
(clapping)
(laughing)
Come on. sing a song for us.
- Maybe another time. okay?
- [Caroline] Come on.
- [Lavanya] He's a little tired.
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
Sing.
- [Crowd] Sing!
Sing!
- [Caroline] Yeah! All right!
(laughing)
- [Crowd] Woo!
Woo!
(clapping)
(breathing heavy)
- Let's get a drink of water or something.
(mellow music)
(water running)
(dramatic music)
- If you think I enjoy coming down here.
you got another thing coming.
(laughs)
How you doing. buddy?
- Yeah. I'm doing great. Adam.
- I got some good news for you.
They found you a liver.
All you gotta do is sign right here.
- All you gotta do is understand
what the fuck no means.
- Harold. people just trying to help you.
- Yeah. well people can piss off.
- You know. my friend.
sometime you're just too much.
Well. think about it.
- Take it with ya.
- [Adam] Think about it.
- Take it.
- Think about it.
- Piss off. Adam.
Get the fuck outta here.
(knocking)
- [Adam] Arthur!
Arthur!
(knocking)
- All right. all right!
- [Adam] Arthur!
Open the door.
- Coming.
Jesus.
- Come on. what are
you doing in this mess?
- Yeah. man. do you.
you don't have any blow on ya. do ya?
- Arthur.
- Come on. man. I'm celebrating.
I'm enjoying my life.
This is time to be celebrating. isn't it?
- Yeah.
You've clearly gone crazy.
- Yes. I have!
Y'all play out lately? Huh?
What about you?
Ringo Starr over here. Keeping it tight?
See. see. you can all
perform whenever you want.
I can't do that anymore.
Now. I have to be worried
about people finding out what
my actual voice sounds like.
You know I did all this for
my father in the first place.
You know what he said to me?
If your music's what's gonna pay for this
then I don't want the surgery.
That's was before I
could tell him the truth.
I couldn't tell him.
- Why not?
- Because how do you follow that. La?
Hey dad. I stole your work
and sold it to the world as my own.
It's actually pretty funny.
I mean he never wanted me
to sing in the first place.
and here I am unable to sing.
So let's celebrate that. huh?
- Arthur.
What we did. we did for Harry.
And that sacrifice ain’t for nothing.
FYI. they found him a new liver.
but he's still refusing to consent.
- Hey. look man.
I didn't know I'd give
a damn about any of this
when I first saw you in that bar.
You're a good dude.
But if you give up on your own family.
you'll have nothing left to live for.
- Hey.
We're not going to give up on you.
So you can't give up on your father.
Okay?
(door slams)
Hi. sir.
I'm Lavanya.
- Hello. sir.
Will Goff.
Big fan.
- What is all this?
- This is my band. Dad.
- Maybe I should step out.
- No.
- No. no. maybe I should step out.
- No. no. everyone in this room
has a reason for being
in this room. right?
I need to understand your
thought process here. Dad.
because clearly I don't.
And I don't think this
decision that you're making
is in anyone's best interest.
I don't understand why
it's so hard for you
to sign the consent forms
now that we have the money.
and we have the liver.
You need to have the surgery.
Dad. or you're gonna die.
And...
The only person from stopping
you from getting this is you.
- Can I speak now?
- After everyone in this room
says what they came to say.
La?
- Sir. I've known Arthur
for a long time now.
And I've got a father too.
- It's all right. go on.
- No child would wanna see their father
go through something like this.
- Will.
- Hm?
Do you want me to?
- Yeah.
Go head.
- Arthur is a good man.
And I think you should consider surgery
because whatever he had
done. he's done for you.
- If you don't sign the
consent form today. Harold.
they gonna take you off the list.
and at that point. there's
nothing anybody can do.
- Can I talk now?
- Please.
- Arthur...
Your mother didn't leave
me. I mean. just leave me.
She left me for another man.
I was on the top of this damn business.
I was so busy. I couldn't be a dad.
I couldn't be a husband.
And I was so busy I
didn't even see the signs
where she's going off with some other man.
And I couldn't accept that.
I couldn't.
And then I drank.
And I drank. and I drank.
And then I couldn't play.
I lost my music because I lost my love.
I lost my love because of my music.
(uplifting music)
What good is all this
fame and money doing ya
when you don't even got your family.
You see me?
I don't have any reason for hanging around
to see him go down the
same shitty road. Adam.
- For me?
Just fucking die already.
- He ain’t you. Harold.
He's better.
He gambled what he wanted
to be for your sake.
and he lost.
They didn't just ask
him to sing your song.
They asked him to mime it.
And now he's running around scared
that everybody's gonna find out.
And if you leave him in this state
then you ain't no better than your wife.
So get yourself together. man.
Do the right thing but not for yourself.
for your son.
He deserves it.
- Hey. you mind if I play some music?
- Yeah. sure.
(upbeat music)
- You seems like this one.
- Oh yeah. yeah.
I'd say it's an old one from the 90s.
That was famous back then.
- I knew the guy who sang it.
- Really?
What was it?
Hollenburg. or Holkenborg?
Had a couple of hits back in the day.
Don't know what ever
happened to him after that.
He disappeared.
- So who's your favorite now?
- I don't have any in this decade.
- Really? May I ask why?
- Artists back in those
days. had a story to tell.
an actual art. (laughs)
And they had to actually be good.
Not like these hashtag artists in LA
with their reboots. and their remakes.
I don't know
They plug the aux into their iPhones
Play a song.
That they sang for the 100th time.
and then ask my honest opinion.
(laughs)
As if they're gonna get
a record deal from me.
Yeah.
- Had a story to tell. huh?
Hey. you know what? Can
you let me out right here?
- Right here? Are you sure?
- Yeah. yeah. this is good.
Thanks.
Hey. everyone.
Arthur Holzenberg here.
and I have a confession that
I wanna get off my chest.
So. many of you know.
we just had some success
with the album Nightingale.
but...
I didn't write Nightingale.
It's not even me singing.
It's my dad.
It's his songs.
It's his voice.
I did it to pay for his medical bills.
But...
no excuses.
At the time it seemed like a good idea.
- Okay. hello? Yeah.
I don't know. why'd he do that?
I... (exhales)
Well. I don't know.
I wasn't there. Okay?
- This is my decision.
and I have to live with
the consequences. so
I just thought it was
time to tell my story.
Thanks for listening.
(exhales)
- So what made you do it. Arthur?
(laughing)
Oh. well.
(laughs)
- No. no. no. no. no.
Don't mess up your stitches.
How you feeling?
- Never felt better.
(laughs)
You knew what would happen. didn't ya?
- Yeah. I did what I wanted.
- Just to show me you can?
- Just. it felt better to tell my story
than to live behind a lie.
- And you did well.
You did real well. Art.
I dunno if I would have
been man enough to do that.
I am really proud to be your old man.
- Thanks. Dad.
That means a lot.
Hey. you know that record
company called me out.
- [Harold] Yeah. yeah.
- He wants to hear some of my songs.
(laughing)
- Shit out of here. man.
that's a good start.
- And you know what?
When you get out of here
and you get all better.
I wanna take you somewhere.
- Where?
- Let's just call it rehab.
(mellow music)
(uplifting music)
♪ From time to time. we
tend to get a little lost ♪
♪ Thinking that our happiness
is far away from us. ♪
♪ Staring out the window
as the days go by ♪
♪ Maybe we could find it
if we took a look inside ♪
♪ As we all wander
through a million things ♪
♪ Striving to rise up
with our broken wings ♪
♪ If we took a moment we would realize ♪
♪ That we're not alone ♪
♪ There are hands to hold ♪
♪ And dreams come alive ♪
♪ So we try out someone else's fantasy ♪
♪ A star-crossed lover or
a trip across the sea ♪
♪ But it ain’t quite what
we imagine from the start ♪
♪ Someone else's dream's not
meant to satisfy your heart ♪
♪ As we all wander
through a million things ♪
♪ Striving to rise up
with our broken wings ♪
♪ If we took a moment we would realize ♪
♪ That we're not alone ♪
♪ There are hands to hold ♪
♪ And dreams come alive ♪
♪ I feel the rain ♪
♪ I hear the thunder ♪
♪ Standing here without you now ♪
♪ I thought that we'd last forever ♪
♪ As we promised each other ♪
♪ Was this a dream ♪
♪ Were we pretending ♪
♪ This you and I. was it all a lie ♪
♪ What do I do ♪
♪ My heart is broken ♪
♪ Now I've been shattered to pieces ♪
♪ Here I tread all alone ♪
♪ This broken road I walk on my own ♪
♪ What have you done to me ♪
♪ Tell me this ain’t just some fantasy ♪
♪ Oh. I dread this silent symphony ♪